Update docs for github action (#31)
massdriver-cloud/docs: docs/applications/container-repositories/02-github.md

## Workflow file

To set up the GitHub Action, create a new file named `deploy.yaml` in the `.github/workflows` directory of your GitHub repository. You can use this workflow below as a starting point:

```yaml title=".github/workflows/deploy.yaml"
name: Deploy to Massdriver
on:
  push:
    branches: [main]

jobs:
  push_and_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    env:
      MASSDRIVER_ORG_ID: ${{ secrets.MASSDRIVER_ORG_ID }}
      MASSDRIVER_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.MASSDRIVER_API_KEY }}
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Install Massdriver CLI
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions@v3
      - name: Push Image
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions/image_push@v3
        with:
          namespace: ${{ vars.NAMESPACE }}
          image-name: ${{ vars.IMAGE_NAME }}
          artifact: ${{ secrets.MASSDRIVER_ARTIFACT_ID }}
          region: ${{ vars.REGION }}
          image-tag: ${{ github.sha }}
          build-context: ./
      - name: Publish Bundle 
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions/bundle_publish@v3
        with:
          build-directory: ./
      - name: Set Image Version 
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions/app_patch@v3
        with:

>           project: <insert-project-name-here>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          project: <insert-project-abbreviation-here>
```

Make sure all of these say abbreviation since the `name` field is actually invalid.

          target: <insert-environment-name-here>
          manifest: <insert-bundle/app-manifest-here>
          set: |
            <insert-image-tag-path> = "${{ github.sha }}"
      - name: Deploy App
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions/app_deploy@v3
        with:
          project: <insert-project-name-here>
          target: <insert-environment-name-here>
          manifest: <insert-bundle/app-manifest-here>

```

> You may need to modify the branch name in the `on: push:` section of the workflow to match the branch you're using for your application.

Reviewer: Probably make this a bit more generic - something like "This example is configured to trigger on pushes to the repository's `main` branch. Be sure to update the trigger to match your branching and git workflow process."

Author: Updated

When this GitHub Action runs, it will:
* Build and push your image to your cloud container repository
* Update the tag in your application package
* Redeploy your application in Massdriver with the updated tag

### Where can I find my secrets, project, target, and manifest names?

* [Secrets & vars](#set-secrets-and-vars)
* [Projects](/concepts/projects) are found on the Projects page of Massdriver
* [Targets](/concepts/environments) are found listed inside your project
* [Manifests](/concepts/manifests) are the abbreviated name of your bundle or application

![Manifest Name](manifest.png)

### Where can I find my image tag path?

> The image tag path is the path configured within your application's `massdriver.yaml` file. For example, if your `massdriver.yaml` file looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image tag path is the [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/manual/) formatted path to the image tag field in the params section of your application's `massdriver.yaml` file. For example, if your `massdriver.yaml` file looks like this:
```

Slight change - wanted to make sure we get `jq` in there and make sure they understand its in the `params` section. You can reword if you have a better way of including that.

Author: I like this wording, copy/pasted

```yaml title="massdriver.yaml"
runtime:
  type: object
  title: Runtime Settings
  required:
    - image
  properties:
    image:
      type: object
      title: Container Image
      required:
        - tag
      properties:
        tag:
          title: ECR image tag
          description: Specific version of the container to pull on each deployment of the lambda function.
          type: string
          default: latest
```
Then your image tag path would be `.runtime.image.tag`. 

### I have subdirectories in my repository. How do I set the build context?

* If your `Dockerfile` is in a subdirectory, you can update the `build-context` to point to that directory. For example, if your `Dockerfile` is in the `./app` directory, you can set the `build-context` to `./app`.

> * If your `massdriver.yaml` file is in a subdirectory, you can update the `build-directory` to point to that directory. For example, if your `massdriver.yaml` file is in the `./app/massdriver` directory, you can set the `build-directory` to `./app/massdriver`.

Reviewer: This is great!  Let's assume people might not read this, and update the example action to have <path to massdriver.yaml directory> or something. That increases the chance they'll read further to see "what do they mean by path to massdriver.yaml" and find this.

## Set secrets and vars

Once you've published your application, you'll need to set the following secrets and vars in your GitHub repository:

| Name | Description | Type | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `MASSDRIVER_ORG_ID` | Your Massdriver organization ID | secret | Your Organization ID can be found by hovering over your org logo in the sidebar |
| `MASSDRIVER_API_KEY` | Your Massdriver API key | secret | [Service Accounts](/platform/service-accounts) |
| `AUTHENTICATION_ARTIFACT_ID` | The ID of the authentication artifact in Massdriver | secret | Select your cloud credential from the Artifacts page in Massdriver, then click **Copy Artifact ID** |
| `NAMESPACE` | The namespace of your build | variable | If it does not exist paired with the `IMAGE_NAME`, then it will be created for you |
| `IMAGE_NAME` | The image name of your build | variable | If it does not exist paired with the `NAMESPACE`, then it will be created for you |
| `REGION` | The region where your cloud container repository is located | variable | Must be a valid cloud region. For example: `eastus` for Azure, or `us-west-1` for AWS. |

## Workflow file

:::note

> This GitHub Action will create a new cloud container repository with the following name format: `massdriver<region>`. The region will be the same as the region you set in the `REGION` variable. If the registry already exists, the action will use it.

Reviewer 2: I thought it created `<namespace>:<image_name>`, not `massdriver<region>`

Author: I'll add clarification to this paragraph, but what I'm referring to is the cloud container repository instance (not the repo directory itself)

Reviewer 3: important note here. On azure we create a new _registry_ massdriver<region><suffix>. Then we create a repository within that registry which is <namespace>/<image>. AWS already has the registry so we just create the repository. These details are probably best left out as they are implementation details the user shouldn't care about.

:::

To set up the GitHub Action, create a new file named `deploy.yaml` in the `.github/workflows` directory of your GitHub repository. You can use this workflow below:

```yaml title=".github/workflows/deploy.yaml"
name: Deploy to Massdriver
on:
  push:
    branches: [main]

jobs:
  push_and_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    env:
      MASSDRIVER_ORG_ID: ${{ secrets.MASSDRIVER_ORG_ID }}
      MASSDRIVER_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.MASSDRIVER_API_KEY }}
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Install Massdriver CLI
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions@v3
      - name: Push Image
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions/image_push@v3
        with:
          namespace: ${{ vars.NAMESPACE }}
          image-name: ${{ vars.IMAGE_NAME }}
          artifact: ${{ secrets.AUTHENTICATION_ARTIFACT_ID }}
          region: ${{ vars.REGION }}
          image-tag: ${{ github.sha }}

>           build-context: ./

Reviewer 2: Can be omitted, is the default.

Author: With these defaults, we still want to expose these fields so that the customers are aware they can be modified, no?

Reviewer: The proper place to put this is probably on the GitHub action documentation (where we should list all the parameters, if they are required, and the default value if not).  A build context of `.` is very standard.

We should also include links to all these GitHub actions with some comment about "refer to the GitHub action documentation for all configuration parameters blah blah".

      - name: Publish Bundle 
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions/bundle_publish@v3
        with:

>           build-directory: ./

Reviewer 2: Can be omitted, is the default.

Reviewer: I think a build directory of `./` is probably very rare. Most people probably store the configs in a `massdriver` or `mass` directory or something. We should probably note that here instead of `./`, like `<path to massdriver configuration directory>`.

      - name: Set Image Version 
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions/app_patch@v3
        with:
          project: <insert-project-name-here>
          target: <insert-environment-name-here>
          manifest: <insert-bundle/app-manifest-here>
          set: |
            <insert-image-tag-path> = "${{ github.sha }}"
      - name: Deploy App
        uses: massdriver-cloud/actions/app_deploy@v3
        with:
          project: <insert-project-name-here>
          target: <insert-environment-name-here>
          manifest: <insert-bundle/app-manifest-here>

```

You may need to modify the branch name in the `on` section of the workflow to match the branch you're using for your application.

When this GitHub Action runs, it will:
* Build and push your image to your cloud container repository
* Update the tag in your application package
* Redeploy your application in Massdriver with the updated tag

> ### Where can I find my project, target, and manifest names?

Reviewer 3: We should add where do i find my massdriver org id and massdriver service account.

Author: I added them in the table of secrets and vars here: https://github.com/massdriver-cloud/docs/blob/2bbb318a8a85d9a25f60430807e419ec453cd487/docs/applications/container-repositories/02-github.md#set-secrets-and-vars

Author: Added a link to the section above
